Update CHANGELOG.md (#3198)
AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

See the [releases](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/releases) for details on bug fixes and added features.

8.8.0
=====
## New Features

> - Adds the ability for the metadata refresh to be done as a blocking call, as per 8.0.1 behavior. This is done through the `Switch.Microsoft.IdentityModel.UpdateConfigAsBlocking` switch. If set, configuration calls will be blocking on update, and exceptions when requesting new metadata will be returned to the caller. See PR [#3193](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/3193) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the ability for the metadata refresh to be done as a blocking call, as per 8.0.1 behavior. This is done through the `Switch.Microsoft.IdentityModel.UpdateConfigAsBlocking` switch. If set, configuration calls will be blocking when metadata is updated, otherwise, if token arrive with a new signing keys, validation errors will be returned to the caller. See PR [#3193](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/3193) for details.
```
